# Kids-Programming
Our system addresses two issues that we have among our children. The first is that most of our pupils are unaware of the numerous other branches of science that exist. Another issue we encounter is our youth's programming illiteracy. We would like to create a system that can be used to solve those issues. Our System will contain a strong incentive to learn about programming and other fields of sciences by rewarding the user. In order to make the experience enjoyable and rewarding, our system will include significant story aspects. We would also employ easy-to-understand graphics and audio features to make it more user-pleasant for a broader market. We want to employ blocks in both the programming and science aspects of the project. We have come up with this project as students do not have much idea about so many other fields present in science. There is programming illiteracy in our youth so it is our goal to teach the basics mainly to the students who can have a brighter future. In our local education system, we tend to fall behind in teaching the modern technical techniques which are mainly the basics of Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning. In our project, we have shown different levels for the children to teach one is the Programming level where we followed MIT Scratch and used blocks instead of codes. We have introduced video tutorials like how to add two numbers and multiply two numbers using blocks from. At the Science Level, we used diverse objects to teach the students branches of science covering topics from Biology, Physics, and Chemistry. We have shown Biology experiments to the students in terms of visual representation, for example, Carbon Dioxide emission test in respiration, Leaf structure then from Chemistry the experiments are Paper chromatography, Impure salt to pure analysis and In Physics the experiments are Period of oscillation for a simple pendulum. At the AI level, we used a combination of blocks and object to the levels. We have as well proposed the basics of Probability and some AI models. At Statistics Level we showed video tutorials of Coin toss and Dice Roll. We also tried to create and teach handmade drawings by incorporating simple definitions from the basics such as machine learning, and natural language processing, to help the students understand the concept, draw the relevant chapters by hand and teach them in an interactive way. We decided to use the national language again so that the children could better understand it. 
